Now as we have seen, computer memory is organized in a hierarchy.
The idea is to ensure that the CPU is running smoothly without too many white cycles.
To make this work, data that is currently needed has to be high up in the hierarchy,
while data that is seldomly needed should reside at the lower end.
A very important bridge between high-speed CPU on the one side and slower memory on
the other side is the cache memory in the middle which consists of various levels.
In the next chapter,
we will look into caches more deeply,
especially from the perspective of memory management and cache friendly programming.
So don't wait too long and see you there shortly.